# SentencingByNumber
Welcome
Hi! I have the desire to unearth data overlooked and misrepresented in society grew from finding a way to speak up for myself and my communities. Since 2015 I was selected as a Making All Voices Count Bronze Prize recipient and a Mozilla Open Source Leader. DemoChat, an app for garment factory workers to report labor and workplace violations, is an initiative fused from my professional experience in labor rights, technology, and social entrepreneurship. 

Background
Algorithms are increasingly being used by law enforcement in the United States for surveillance and censorship. These algorithms contribute to targeting and shutting down political opposition at rally events, civil liberty advocacy, or the general public. Algorithms have been the underpinning of technology like assigning risk scores to travelers at border crossings in the U.S. and evaluate good citizenship in China. The public should have the right to evaluate and audit these “black boxes” for biases. Understanding how data used as inputs into algorithms could be embedded with selection and confirmation biases that misdirect results, outcomes, or predictions. The data are often collected or aggregated without the public consent or awareness. I aim to enhance the technological capacity of community partners and stakeholders working to mitigate the disparate impact of demographic and socio-economic disparities derived from technological advancements that leave behind large segments of society. I believe data literacy and community-centered technology will mitigate biases found in AI and the designers of these algorithms.

How to Contribute
Are you a computer scientist with a background on AI? Or are you may be a talented visual artist. Or someone who is good at reminding your team lunch is ready? We don't discount anyone's contribution! We want to help contributors realize their unique talent. 
